Topic: Roommate Finder (Student App)


Members:
        Matthew Binning
        Khoi Dinh
        Raymond Gevorkian
        William Vagharfard


About project:
        Our project will be a program that helps university students find roommates, based on their likes and dislikes.  It will be able to be used at various universities for on-campus housing (for our project we will only have two universities enabled).  Students will be able to create and save their own profile.  They will then be able to search for roommates based profiles of other students, or search based on the profile of the type of room they want to live in.  The student profiles will have various fields, for example: sleep early/late, wake up early/late, studious, quiet, likes sports/video games/music, partiers, etc. The rooms will have various fields, like location (upper/mid/lower floor of the building), bright/dark, direction (i.e. facing east/west),  wifi rating, number of rooms, etc.  The goal is for a student to either choose roommates based on searching for compatible other students, or just based on the type of dorm they want to stay in, or both.
        
Course concepts:
        We will use all concepts covered in this course so far. Namely, we will use simple lists (likely arraylists) to store the properties of students and buildings whose access of data is less dynamic in nature. We will use a stack to undo changes made to settings, and a queue for a generated list of potential roommates. For trees, we will use multiple binary search trees (implemented as decision trees) in the building of a client’s profiles. We will use a Huffman tree in a unique way as part of a method for password encryption (and potentially standard data compression). Furthermore, we will use postfix expressions (and expression trees) for the calculation of roommate compatibility, and finally, we will use a B-tree for the searching of students (indexed by name). To add another layer of uniqueness, we will provide a user Interface, and if time allows, we will add more features to the student app. We will also use our laughable foreign language skills in a map to add translations.